# Exit Interview

"Please take a seat."

I take the seat nervously.

"So you're Mr. P..."

"I'm sorry. Can you please call me Mr. Comedian?"

I know it is weird. Why did I have to say it out loud? She would think of me as a clown. But I'm a clown. I might be wearing boring clothes appropriate for a boring office. But deep down I'm a clown. I would feel strange if I were addressed by my real name.

"Why? This is a formal interview. We have to be serious about it. We have to use the formal names."

"I understand. But you won't see me again tomorrow. I think we can take it easy on formality. Isn't it absurd to use my real name, as if it's a disposable word that you'll forget the next day? I know you'll forget about it the next day but for your own sake that you'll understand very soon, can you call me Mr. Comedian? I don't know how to explain but it would make me feel less uncomfortable."

I know it was quite unnecessarily specific to predict she'll understand the reason soon. Awkwardness was growing bigger and bigger. But I won't be here again tomorrow. I think I deserve a last chance to be weird.

"I don't get it. But if you insist... I understand you must have a reason. Sure, I'll call you Mr. Comedian, if it would make you feel safe."

"Thank you."

I genuinely didn't expect it to go so well. I know I never had enough charisma to convince anyone to do anything. I know she's hiding her frustration but I'm genuinely impressed she's doing a good job at it. There must be something worth salvageable in HR training. I like to appreciate a broken clock when it happens to be correct.

"So Mr. Comedian," she continues.

I can sense she still feels odd to say it out loud but I think it's merely a warm-up for what's coming up.

"How long has you been working here?"

"4 years... and 4 months."

"That was quite... precise. Today marks indeed 4 months after 4 years since you joined here."

I nod. She scans through my files again. I can see her mentally preparing herself to take this meeting seriously.

"So Mr. Comedian, how was your experience working here?"

"It was unremarkable."

I know she didn't expect this answer. I wonder what answer she possibly expected. If only I had enough social energy to ask her patiently.

"I'm sorry. Do you mean it was unpleasant?"

"Yes. If I have to admit it."

"Can you elaborate on what exactly you find unpleasant?"

"The whole thing? I'm sorry to be blunt but can we skip this question?"

"I'm sorry. It's perfectly normal if you feel uncomfortable to be honest-"

"No. In fact I feel very comfortable to be honest. Dishonesty is what I find uncomfortable. It's just I know you wouldn't like my honesty or rather it wouldn't be helpful for your job if I were to be honest."

I know the confused look on her face. She'll get used to it. She can no longer contain her frustration.

"Excuse me, Mr. P... I'm sorry, Mr. Comedian, I think you misunderstood my job. I understand because it's very common to misunderstand my role. I'm not here to ask you to say everything is ok. Actually it's the opposite of my job. My job is to identify the problems you experience so we can address them properly and solve them eventually."

I'm getting impatient, to be honest. She's acting as if their lame ass Jedi mind trick would work on a clown like me.

"I'm sorry if I was rude. But if there were problems here, they would no longer affect me starting from tomorrow. At least not as long as I'm awake. I just think it wouldn't help me in any way."

"Mr. Comedian, are you implying your experience is so terrible that you think you'll have nightmares afterwards?"

I'm impressed she's quick enough to get my intent. If only they were as honest about turning away from countless problems rooted from institutional injustice.

"I wouldn't say this job is special. Well, let's be honest, what kind of job doesn't give you nightmares anyway?"

"My job, for one, doesn't."

I genuinely hope, from the deepest bottom of my heart, that she wasn't lying. What kind of nightmares would one has after helping the powerful torment the powerless everyday?

"I'm happy for you. Let me correct myself. The jobs I can afford all give me nightmares. I'm not saying this job is worse."

"I appreciate your blunt honesty. It's exactly what I'm looking for in such a meeting. Formality isn't necessarily the priority."

I know she thinks of me as an unnecessarily difficult problem she is responsible to face. I know she wishes someone else from her team is conducting this interview.

"Mr. Comedian, you mentioned that addressing the problems here wouldn't help you. I understand where you come from. But I would have to explain to you that you still owe a responsibility to guide us so we can improve your work environment. After all, it's still your second home as of today. I'm not asking you to help me. I'm asking you to help your friends and colleagues one last time."

"I know. It's embarrassing but let me admit I don't have any friends here. But I'm not being selfish. I really want to be helpful. I swear I've done everything I can to make it a less awful place. I just sincerely believe I don't owe any responsibility whatsoever to guide you to improve this hellhole."

She's raising her eyebrows. If only she knew I was purposefully leaving breadcrumbs to bait her.

"Mr. Comedian, I understand your feelings. It's not uncommon to see someone frustrated in such an exit interview like this. After all, we wouldn't even be having this meeting if you were happy working here. I understand you were unhappy. I want to understand you better. I completely understand if you think you don't owe us anything because you already did your best. I think the last gift we can give you is to allow you to open up. You can think of me as a friend that you won't see again. You can tell me anything you want to tell as long as it's related to your job. Please don't think of this as a last task you have to complete. It's simply a friendly chat where you're welcome to be yourself."

"Thank you."

"Let's start with the obvious thing. Why did you decide to quit?"

"I've had enough. I've worked here longer than I should."

"Can you elaborate on what kind of enough you mean? Who or what were distress you to the point of your decision to resign?"

"It'd be a long story that may or may not be relevant to your job. I'm not trying to be rude. I mean it would be irresponsible if I told you about the shoes of my coworkers just because it's somehow related to the office, wouldn't it?"

"Mr. Comedian, I understand what you're trying to say. I wouldn't impose you to explain your experience without any unnecessary information. It's perfectly ok to tell me about things that may or may not be helpful to me. After all, deciding whether an information is helpful to me is up to me."

"Thank you for your clarification."

I pause for a while. I really don't know where to begin. I'm not even sure if I want to spend my remaining social energy to explain the situation. I have to think of something or she'll think I've been being dramatic unnecessarily.

"I aksed you to call me Mr. Comedian," I begins hoping I can pull this thread long enough to explain myself, "I used to dream of founding a comedy club at my university. It was ages ago. The club wouldn't have any political or artistic or scientific or communal purpose. It would be a group of people, going around in public places, with a sole purposeless purpose of telling jokes without any context whatsoever. Well, every organization has their members spread in the public to do something, publicly or secretly. Fortunately or unfortunately, it ended up as a dead joke that never came to fruit just like every other idea I had. I know I was never charismatic enough to pull that off. I never had any organizational skills either."

I take a pause again. She's paying attention to me perhaps because she's wondering how I would possibly connect this random trivia about my boring life to the organization we both work at as of today.

"I'm a loser. I've been a loser all my life. I never really had much to begin with. Yet somehow I lost so much. Please don't look down on me for it takes extraordinary effort to not lose more when you have almost nothing. Nobody is easier to rob than someone that has close to nothing for the simple reason that nobody is protecting them. Well how could someone that has almost nothing report to an authority if they got robbed of their almost nothing without being mocked at? How could you possibly lose your pillow made of garbage? How could someone harrass someone so ugly like you? Well you know the drill. No authority was ever created to protect those that have nothing anyway for they can never touch an authority by design. Every authority has a purpose which just usually doesn't happen to be justice."

I can see a sense of fear in her eyes. I know she doesn't know where I'm going to. But she's quick enough to see that it's going to be an unpleasant journey for her. She probably realized by now that I was baiting for her permission to be unnecessarily honest. She didn't know what she signed up for.

"Mr. Comedian, I understand your frustration. I read your files and I think you have been a valuable asset for the company. I understand you had a terrible experience with this company. I hope you understand that I believe it's a shame for the company that you wouldn't be a part of us."

"Thank you."

"Can you continue opening up about your experience here? I understand you were trying to say something but it was too vague for me to understand."

I have to finish the play I started.

"As a disclaimer, let me clarify that I have nothing against having a purpose. But people tend to exclusively have evil purposes so often that I don't have a heart to tolerate them. So I'm fond of the idea of something without a purpose."

"Please go on."

"I think this interview shouldn't have a purpose. You should lower your expectation so you can get the best out of it if you can get something out of it."

"I appreciate your consideration. But this interview has a purpose by design and I also have a purpose. My job is to identify the problems we can solve and I would appreciate you more if you could explain how your experience relates to the company. I'm sorry but I still find it too vague."

"I know it's because I haven't started talking about the workplace yet. It's more of a prologue to the story that I don't think has a purpose. I understand if you have limited time to conduct this interview. I can skip whatever this is and answer the questions you might have."

"It's ok. You're the last person I have to interview today and I think we have enough time."

I think she's hooked on my story now whether it would do anything for her KPI or not. On the other hand, I can't help but sensing a hopeful enthusiasm in her eyes that she thinks I might be her lucky ticket to write a report so good that would get her places. I feel like a criminal that's talking to a detective about snitching my organization. At this rate, Omertà code would get me killed at some point. I hope she doesn't see my subtle laugh.

"I live the most boring life that anyone can get. I have this 9-5 job that's been killing me slowly. I wake up and go to work and do the tedious office work everyday. I never do anything that would hurt anyone but everyone at my work hates me and doesn't even try to keep it a secret. For example, this morning the new girl offered me some cookies she baked without even knowing today is my last day. She was offering her cookies to everyone. But I shook my head because I was full. And then people started making fun of her."

"I understand your frustration. But I would need more context to understand whether or why your coworkers were mean to this girl."

"It's not that interesting anyway. They are mean to anyone they can get away with being mean. I almost never get invited to anything. I was happy when that girl treated me as a human. I rarely get invited to the meetings that I would hate. I never get invited to social events. It's almost like I did something so evil and so wrong that people are disgusted by my existence while I never did anything to them."

She's writing down something in her book. I wonder what she's writing. I take a pause again to give her some time.

"I understand your terrible struggle. What you went through is a classic office drama. People often need a black sheep to unfairly blame for the things that are more complex to understand. Can you help me understand what you think is the reason why they were so mean to you? If you would like to, you can also name the coworkers who were mean to you. Your feelings are respected and this exchange will of course remain confidential. They were never know what you told me about them."

"But I suppose you wouldn't blindly believe me either."

"It's a little harsh but you're correct, Mr. Comedian. We would need to go through a formal process of verifying what you express and hopefully take actions accordingly one day."

"My only crime is I never licked anyone's boots, not because I think it's too low for me but because I think bootlicking is a form of disrespect, like a creepy flattery, that even those that tormented me don't deserve. The society we're in is so rotten that many people fail to see how wrong and disgusting catcalling is. So I think it's not unnatural that people see nothing wrong with bootlicking. Well, perhaps, it's wrong for me to not disrespect them by flattering while it could have gotten me to more comfortable places."

"I understand what you're trying to say. It's a very common phenomenon in a typical workplace and unfortunately ours isn't an exception."

Did I just make her admit the truth about her workplace that she would never admit normally? Isn't her job precisely to sell Meritocracy that doesn't even exist?

"You mentioned that what I went through is a classic office drama. Do you really believe office drama are merely office drama that is no longer in effect when you left the office?"

She doesn't try to avoid eye contact. But I can sense that she doesn't want a confrontation.

"I'm sorry if you felt like I was dismissing your struggle. It wasn't my intention. I just wanted you to know that you're not alone. I suppose an office drama can impact a person's life in more ways than we can normally see."

"Thank you. I believe you have enough emotional maturity to see that an office drama can work as a trigger for traumatic events that we've been burying for decades."

"I see."

"I suppose I wasn't quite precise when I said I didn't have a friend here. There's this weird dude in my office. How do I describe him without explicitly naming him? He's the polar opposite of me. He's a friend to everyone. Since we agreed on calling me Mr. Comedian, why don't we call him Mr. Tragedian. I know it might not be the most descriptive name but I think this name is better than his real name that you don't need to remember."

"Yes. It's what I've been waiting for. This is the place where you can submit your personal endorsement or report for any coworker whether it's positive or negative. I understand if you want to keep his name anonymous but I would appreciate if you can tell me his name at some point."

"Let's call him Mr. Tragedian for now."

"It's ok."

"Whether we use his real name or Mr. Tragedian, doesn't it eerily sound similar to a gossip because I'm talking about him behind him?"

"It's an interesting observation. I suppose you can think of me as a friend that you can gossip with."

Does 'Don't talk to the police' include HR representatives?

"It would've been more fun if you were really a friend because you know there'd be more stakes in the conversation. You would be interested in who and what I'm talking about. But as a HR professional, I understand having a distance between you and the subject is more appropriate."

"It's correct. Please go on about Mr. Tragedian."

"I want to talk about the nature of gossip first. If you think about it, you see that it's possibly the origin of all the languages we have. It's no doubt an integral aspect of our evolution. How could you possibly manage a large organization of animals without enough information to trust who? So gossip is the social tool that fills this requirement."

She nods.

"I'm now gossiping about Mr. Tragedian but I'm not a master of gossip. I'm a master of none but honesty. Mr. Tragedian is a master of gossip. Let's say we have a Mr. Tyrant in my office room. So Mr. Tyrant has enough authority to decide the fate of any staff lower than him in the hierarchy. This authority isn't given by God, but by the very oppressed that fear something that they shouldn't have feared. Mr. Tyrant can turn anyone powerless into an outcast at whim. In fact, the reason why I'm so disliked in my office is also his work."

She is writing something again. I think she understands she can't easily convince me to say Mr. Tyrant's name and she doesn't bother to do so.

"I'm a loser and I don't mind being treated as an outcast just because Mr. Tyrant, or people like him, find me repulsive. I think it's the only reasonable scenario because I'm honest and people like him are dishonest. They should better weed me out before I could do something to damage their reputation."

I can see in her eyes that she's impatiently waiting for a punchline that may or may not come.

"Even though I speak my mind all the time, other people are reasonably careful when talking about Mr. Tyrant behind his back. I mean who would want to risk being an outcast? It's far easier to just tolerate people like him and serve their wishes than a confrontation that they know they wouldn't win. You're only in this hellhole for one third of your 24 hours."

"I understand there's such a recurring toxic element in your office. Even if you don't want to say out loud the names of the perpetrators here, I would appreciate if you could leave an anonymous email or any form of whistleblowing describing as much details as possible. It could save many innocent coworkers of yours from experiencing the same thing you did."

"Let me finish my story first."

"Of course. Please continue."

"So people like Mr. Tyrant act like they're gods. They can prevent anyone that could possibly challenge their authority from ever having a chance to challenge them. They can literally or virtually terminate anyone that doesn't want to serve their dictatorship. I hope you can understand why I don't have any hope in an institutional reformation."

"I understand you don't have a hope. But we still do. I would appreciate if you could pass your torch to us. I promise we would do our best to investigate the problem."

"I don't understand why you're still pretending to have faith in this system. I'm not even talking about a special phenomenon. This sort of mechanism that rewards the worst and punishes the best is present everywhere. I would even go further to say it's a integral part of the corporate culture. The higher management requires people like Mr. Tyrant to outsource the task of a scarecrow that can actually hurt you while they're busy serving other shareholders. I believe you're not a stranger to it. I would appreciate if you didn't pretend as if the presence of such thing in my office is surprising to you."

"I'm sorry you feel like that. I understand your helplessness, Mr. Comedian. But I'm just trying to do my job. I would appreciate if you could respect me as a professional."

I can identify a sense of wounded ego in her voice. No wonder I've always been a loser.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be harsh."

"Please go on."

"Who do you think is the most powerful person in my office?"

"Is it Mr. Tyrant, as a representative of the higher management?"

"No. Mr. Tyrant is just an example of those that abuse their power. Mr. Tyrant is powerful but there's someone that hold even greater power. I mentioned that people usually walked on eggshells around people like Mr. Tyrant. I often speak the truth about people like Mr. Tyrant but I never mock them. There's someone that has the audacity to mock such people. It's Mr. Tragedian. He's a friend to everyone. While everyone seems to despise me, everyone seems to love Mr. Tragedian."

"I'm no longer sure if you admire or dislike Mr. Tragedian. But please continue."

"So Mr. Tragedian often goes out of his way to initiate a gossip about people like Mr. Tyrant. Let's say Ms. Gullible mistakenly takes our Mr. Tragedian's gossip as an opportunity to speak out about Mr. Tyrant. Isn't gossip an essential tool that helped us survive the test of barbaric history? So Ms. Gullible would agree with him and voluntarily add more details about Mr. Tyrant's wrongful acts. Do you know what happen afterwards?"

"Mr. Tragedian reports it to Mr. Tyrant?"

"Yes. But not immediately. Mr. Tragedian plants many traps, not just one. He then moves on to random things. Only after a random period of time, a few months, for example, Mr. Tragedian confided in Mr. Tyrant that Ms. Gullible is spreading such and such bad news about his character. Mr. Tyrant would appreciate our Mr. Tragedian for letting him know what other people hid from him. He would undoubtly get mad at Ms. Gullible and go out of his way to release his wrath upon Ms. Gullible."

"It's such a horrible thing to do to a coworker. Do you think such a phenonmenon is also common in a workplace?"

"Yes. Mr. Tragedian isn't that special. Some people don't need to climb the ladder. They can just play the powerful people as if they're their puppets for fun. Powerful people can decide the fate of the powerless at whim. Mr. Tragedian can decide how powerful people decide the fate of the powerless. I believe you must have seen one or two Mr. Tragedian, too."

"I suppose I met some people that match such a character."

"Do you know why people like Mr. Tragedian get away with it? The same way every dishonest person does. When dishonesty is accepted as the truth, the truth becomes false news. Not everyone understands our Mr. Tragedian is the reason behind Ms. Gullible's punishment. Some people do but nobody would dare to inform Mr. Tyrant. Why? Because nobody wants to be like Ms. Gullible. Even if someone had the courage to speak out, they would've been instantly labeled as someone jealous trying to divide the wholesome friendship between Mr. Tyrant and Mr. Tragedian. So Mr. Tyrant, despite his power, is often left in the dark."

"It's an interesting observation, I suppose. Are you implying that the terrible things that those in power happen to do aren't necessarily personal?"

"No. It's still personal. Mr. Tyrant only throws a tantrum when his ego is involved. I would never defend the powerful that abuse their power. I'm just pointing out that they might not functionally be the most powerful people in the room if another loser like our Mr. Tragedian could play them."

"I see. Please go on."

"Can we do a thought experiment? Imagine two worlds, say world A and world B. The governments in both A and B spread propaganda to their subjects so they can get away with oppressing them. The subjects in A don't even understand the propaganda are lies while those in B do. Which one do you think is more disturbing?"

"I suppose world A is in a darker place. Why do you ask me this?"

"Isn't there a faint hope that people in world A might possibly see through the lies one day?"

"I see what you're trying to say now, Mr. Comedian. People in world B not only can see through the lies but also are immune to the lies. I suppose world B might be more disturbing because people seem to have made peace with their government. Do you feel like our company is analogous to world B?"

"Not quite. Let me get back to our Mr. Tragedian. So Mr. Tragedian holds the power to turn anyone into a dictator or an outcast for a reason less than none. First he robs the concept of gossip from the oppressed. And then he monopolizes the control board of the threads of the relationships in the office. Your place in the office depends on his boredom. Can you think of anyone that might possibly be immune to the power of Mr. Tragedian?"

"I can't. I have to admit it's beyond the scope of my training."

"Well, I'm immune to his power. Not because I have any power but because I have none. I'm possibly the only one he genuinely respects in the office. He can control anyone except me. I never hide how I'm feeling. I'm already an outcast. He can't do anything to make my life worse than it already is. In fact, I'm the only one that has the right to say whatever truth about anyone because our Mr. Tragedian couldn't possibly report a thing I say. I can be say how evil and wrongful Mr. Tyrant is, all I want, in unnecessarily explicit details. Our Mr. Tragedian couldn't snitch on me because Mr. Tyrant would blame our Mr. Tragedian for allowing me to even say such things in the first place. I understand if people that look down on me envy me for having such a voice that they gave up for nothing. I mean the very cost of my voice is nothing."

"Are you trying to say that you think you're the most powerful person in your room?"

"No. I'm saying I'm the opposite of it. I'm the most powerless person in any room. I take pride in being powerless. I take pride in having nothing more to lose."

"I really appreciate your authentic feedback. But I'm sorry I don't quite see the meaning behind your story."

"The meaning of this story is that the things you take for granted is meaningless."

"It's... kind of anticlimactic."

"It's. You've been waiting for a punchline that never existed."

She sigh.

"Wouldn't one ultimately be disappointed after a hopeful patient period of waiting for a process of handling a whistleblower's report, anyway? I'm merely handing the same end result ahead so you don't need to process unnecessary paperwork that would never matter in the end."

"I suppose you have your reason to distrust us."

We take a moment of silence. She suddenly seems to rememeber her task isn't finished yet.

"I'm sorry but I still haven't finished recording your reason for departure. I recall you answered you have had enough but you know I can't record it for the obvious reason. Can I record a typical excuse like you're joining another company? You don't have to name the company."

"But I'm not joining another company."

What a pleasure to see the surprise in her eyes.

"Now I have to admit I want to know your reason for resignation. It doesn't have anything to do with my job. Can you tell me why you quit your job?"

"I think I owe you an explanation. Do you remember the thought experiment we talked about?"

"Yes. The one with world A and world B."

"You asked if the company is analogous to world B. It's more like world C where not everyone see that the propaganda is a lie and yet the people that can see the truth don't want to change anything. It has the worst of both worlds. The oppression here is as awful as everywhere else. But everyone pretends to be friendly to each other or they would fall victim to Mr. Tragedian's manipulations."
