# (let me kiss you) at the funeral of the gods [funogods]

## chapter i

"Oh my sweet Science, did you just derived Hamilton's Principle," mom said, looking at the whiteboard. "I'll never understand how possibly your beautiful mind was conceived inside me. When I was 10, I was dressing up paper dolls. I'll never be as brilliant as you, my dear." I could sense an overwhelming amount of joy and pride in her voice. I felt relieved finally. I got somewhere after weeks of exhausting work on these mechanics problems, without necessarily becoming a physicist. I wasn't pursuing physics like mom; she was a nuclear physicist working at the University of Copenhagen. I was more drawn to the pure beauty of mathematical abstraction. Physics was her passion; mathematics was mine. Where she saw the beauty in theoretical predictions and experimental verifications, I saw the beauty in the elegant universal principles. But aren't we approaching the same truth from different sides? Isn't it the beauty of Science, anyway?

 "Will you have your dinner now, my baby Science? I made your favourite dish." I would never be able to express how much I loved mom. She knew I wouldn't have dinner without getting somewhere.

Mom called me Science. It was what she loved most in the entire universe. I never knew who my dad was. Neither did my mom. One day, she realized she wanted to give birth to me and contacted her friend at the Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences. She had always known she didn't want traditional physical intimacy. Throughout her life, she'd had occasional boyfriends, but maintaining relationships without physical connection proved challenging. In the end, she chose a path of motherhood that was entirely her own. She ticked anonymous donor in the form, despite her curious mind of a scientist. A mysterious donor giving me the other half of genes seemed more profound than someone she could contact. Who my dad was was never a problem for me or mom. There were more than enough problems we could find joy solving.

I had to bring a textbook to the dinner table. I couldn't wait more to compare my derivation with the textbooks. Mom mentioned the exact chapter I needed to look up. I realized I had traced the same beautiful mathematical path others had walked before me. The joy wasn't in being first, but in understanding the universal language that connected these principles. I remembered how happy mom was when I was more curious about how the ball moved when you threw it rather than playing with it. I realized now I understood it in the most abstract sense human science can explain.



A nuclear physicist in Copenhagen calls her son, Science, as it's the thing she loves most. She gave birth to him with the help of a sperm donor using IVF. She homeschools him as she realizes he's suffering from Autism Spectrum Disorder and Social Anxiety. He excels in geometry, algebra and science in general. Once he gets his hands on Euclid's Elements, he rediscovers everything up to Renaissance Era's science on his own at the age of 7. He notices foreign nuclear physicists, from The Sovereign Union of Santandería, often come to visit to consult with his mom. He was 12 when he lost her mom to cancer. He is raised by his relatives that find it odd that his name is still Science.
