# (let me kiss you) at the funeral of the gods [funogods]

## characters

| Name                               | Full Name        | Role                    | Description                                                                            |
| ---------------------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Science                            | Soren Socrates   | Researcher/Polymath     |                                                                                        |
| Art                                | Astrid Apollonia | Musician/Alchemist      |                                                                                        |
| Love                               | Leila Lysandra   | Doctor/Healer           |                                                                                        |
| Politics                           | Pallas Palamedes | Hacker/Strategist       |                                                                                        |
| Therapist                          | David Lysandra   | Therapist               | Leila's adoptive father                                                                |
| Strawberry Starling                | Seraphine Clair  | Caretaker/Burglar       | former member of the knight who later becomes the caretaker of Strawberries Home       |
| Clara                              | Clara Foster     | Detective               | Detective profiler from Violent Crimes Unit under Criminal Investigative Division      |
| Arsonist                           | Alexei Volkov    | Prisoner                | Seraphine and Soren's professor                                                      |
| Banker woman                       | Naomi Kim        | Banker                  | Alexei's former lover                                                                  |
| Agent woman                        | Jenny Moore      | Agent                   | Counterintelligence Division's profiler                                                |
| Agent man                          | Martin Moore     | Agent                   | Counterintelligence Division's task force member                                       |
| Katy                               | Katy Moore       | Child                   | the first child of Strawberries Home                                                   |
| Personification of Debt           | Theo Finch       | Financier               | Squire of Famine, the financier responsible for the death of three knights' parents   |
| Personification of Quantification | Quentin Finch    | Big Tech CTO            | Squire of Conquest, son of Theo Finch who later becomes the CTO of Moir.ai            |
| Personification Temptation         | Tatiana Vance    | Streaming Platform CVO  | Squire of Conquest                                                                     |
| Personification of Subjugation    | Severus Vale    | Head of Servizio (SIN)  | Squire of Conquest, a congress woman who later becomes the president                   |
| Personification of Bureaucracy    | Beatrice Vale    | Insurance CEO           | Squire of Famine, head of Criminal Investigative Division, later becomes head of Feds |
| Personification of Debt           | Donovan Faust    | Financier               | Squire of Famine, the successor of Theo Finch                                          |
| Personification of Cowardice      | Cassian Blake    | Arms Dealer/Billionaire | Squire of War                                                                          |
| Personification of Submission     | Santiago Cruz    | Head of Black Ops (AIS) | Squire of War                                                                          |
| Personification of Delusion       | Dr. Dorian Weiss | Writer/Professor        | Squire of War                                                                          |
| Personification of Propaganda     | Peng Mei         | Troll Farm Mogul        | Squire of War                                                                          |
| Personification of Silence        | Shira Adler      | Private Intel CEO       | Squire of Death                                                                        |
| Personification of Oblivion       | Ophelia Wong     | Museum Curator          | Squire of Death                                                                        |

| Horseman           | Squire         | Role                    | Nationality | Gender | Name             |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------- | ----------- | ------ | ---------------- |
| **Conquest** | Quantification | Big Tech CTO            | US          | Male   | Quentin Finch    |
| **Conquest** | Temptation     | Streaming Platform CVO  | US          | Female | Tatiana Vance    |
| **Conquest** | Subjugation    | Head of Servizio (SIN)  | Altaria     | Male   | Severus Vale    |
| **War**      | Cowardice      | Arms Dealer/Billionaire | US          | Male   | Cassian Blake    |
| **War**      | Submission     | Head of Black Ops (AIS) | Santanderia | Male   | Santiago Cruz    |
| **War**      | Propaganda     | Troll Farm Mogul        | China       | Female | Peng Mei         |
| **War**      | Delusion       | Writer/Professor        | Switzerland | Male   | Dr. Dorian Weiss |
| **Famine**   | Bureaucracy    | Insurance CEO           | Altaria     | Female | Beatrice Vale    |
| **Famine**   | Debt           | Financier               | US          | Male   | Donovan Faust    |
| **Death**    | Silence        | Private Intel CEO       | Israel      | Female | Shira Adler      |
| **Death**    | Oblivion       | Museum Curator          | China       | Female | Ophelia Wong     |

## places

| name              | description                              |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| Atlas University  | the nexus point of the knights           |
| Guillotine Bar    | the bar where the knights meet           |
| Atlas General     | the hospital where Love meets Strawberry |
| Oblivion Museum   | the knights' rendezvous point            |
| Strawberries Home | the orphanage founded by strawberry      |

---

## I. prologue

Four children were born in the same year in different parts of the world; one in Copenhagen, Denmark, one in Athens, Greece, one in Shiraz, Iran, one in Vienna, Austria. Each child has different backgrounds but they all share one thing; their passion to seek truth.

A nuclear physicist in Copenhagen calls her son, Science, as it's the thing she loves most. She gave birth to him with the help of a sperm donor using IVF. She homeschools him as she realizes he's suffering from Autism Spectrum Disorder and Social Anxiety. He excels in geometry, algebra and science in general. Once he gets his hands on Euclid's Elements, he rediscovers everything up to Renaissance Era's science on his own at the age of 7. He notices foreign nuclear physicists, from The Sovereign Union of Santandería, often come to visit to consult with his mom. He was 13 when he lost her mom to cancer. He is raised by his relatives that find it odd that his name is still Science.

Two virologists in Athens call their daughter Angel but she demands to be called Art instead. She can hear colors and see melody. She finds herself to be a fan girl of Homer. She can get used to any instrument in no time. She always runs away from her classes because they're too strict and unimaginative. Her parents' friend therapist, David Lysandra, diagnoses her with Schizotypal Personality Disorder. But she believes her senses are real and the therapist is just less imaginative. One day, she runs away from her home to follow a luminous thread only she can see. It leads her to Atlas City.

A psychoanalyst in Shiraz raise her daughter as a single mother. Her lover was a revolutionary The Republic of Veridia, one of the three countries that compose a region called Rare Earth Crescent (REC). She also secretly works as a consultant in his organization. She calls her daughter Love. She is very perceptive. Reflection is her strength. She's obsessed with Sappho's poems. She understands we'll never be able to see ourselves without love. She learns about the cruelty of the world at the age of 7 when her mom was assassinated. Her mother's good friend David Lysandra in Atlas City adopts her. Leila Lysandra becomes her legal name.

Two political scientists in Vienna, calls their son, Politics, lovingly. They were activists defending the freedom of The Republic of Veridia, one of the three countries that compose Rare Earth Crescent (REC). He was just 10 when they died in an accident. He suspects the accident wasn't an accident. He grows up in an orphanage. He's an expert of desire. He get bullied constantly because he looks neither male nor female. But he doesn't become spiteful. He never stop being pacifist. He idolizes Diogenes. He convince his bullies to do what they truly desire to do instead of bullying him. He learns Tai Chi to defend himself if required. Yet he remains lean and weak. Trying to escape from cruel world, he becomes good friends with computers instead.

---

## II. reason (Science's POV)

Science joins Atlas University. He could have applied for any scholarship but Atlas City seems like a perfect place where he can follow his academic passion and live without distractions. He meets a professor that preaches anarchist ideas. He couldn't help pointing out where the professor fails to be rigour and a girl obsessed with pink defends the professor. Despite his social anxiety, he finds her warm. He befriends her eventually. Her name is Seraphine.

---

## III. heart (Love's POV)

After graduating, Leila joins Atlas Medical School. As a medical student, she has to often go to Atlas General. One day she meets a strong girl crying on the stairs at the hospital. She can feel an overwhelming sense of guilt, sorrow and hesitation. She quietly sits beside her and hugs her slowly without saying anything. The girl puts her head on her shoulder trustingly. "Do you know me?" the girl finally asks. Love, realizing she's in white coat, understands she thinks she's a doctor. "You're Sera, right?" The girl looks at her surprised. "Are you a doctor?" "No, I'm not a doctor. I'm just a med student." "How do you know me?" "Ah right sorry. I'm David's daughter. He's a friend of your father, Arthur." The girl smiles. "Thank you for comforting me. You really have a healing aura." "Is there anything I can do for your dad?" The girl shakes her head. "I'm really sorry. Let me give you my number. Please don't hesitate to tell me if there's something I can do for you." The girl saves her number. "Speaking of hesitation, I know something is deeply troubling you. It's not just your dad's condition. Perhaps they're related." Seraphine looks at her with wide eyes. She continues, "I'm sorry for invading your privacy. I can't help perceiving people's feelings. Life is so unfairly full of tragedies and I have faith that whatever you do is the right choice. Even though regrets will find us no matter what we do." Seraphine, though still visibly confused, nods. "Does my dad know about your dad?" Looking at the confused eyes, Love realizes Seraphine thought she knew about Arthur from her father. "I'm not sure." "I'll make sure to tell him to visit your father. Is visiting allowed?" Seraphine nods. Love knows Seraphine is wondering how she knew she was Seraphine and how it was her father's condition that was causing her distress. "You're wondering how I recognize you. I met you when I was a kid once. The first time I arrived at Atlas City. You were playing in the playground. Connected with your dad's name on the labs result on your lap, I think anyone can conclude what's happening." Love just tells her so she can be convinced. She already knew about her father purely from the specific types of sadness, anger and distress she sense from Seraphine. "I'll always be there for you. So will my dad." Seraphine smiles.

---

## IV. dream (Art's POV)

Art has been living as a travelling artist since she left her home. She finds the end of the thread she's been following at "Guillotine" Bar. Thanks to her mesmerizing voice, it was easy for her to become a singer. She finds it delightful that the bar has two toilets and they're labeled "female" and "other". She decides to settle down in Atlas City working as a bar singer.

She's singing Cigarettes After Sex's Apocalypse when she sees a strong girl obsessed with pink and a man. "Got the music in you, baby, tell me why. Got the music in you, baby, tell me why" She sees him going to the restroom. A few minutes later she sees her following him into the same toilet. She doesn't understand why but she sees the same thread she's been following is connected to both of them. "Your lips, my lips Apocalypse. Your lips, my lips Apocalypse" When she finishes singing, the girl come out with her arm wrapping around the man half-conscious. Art gets of the stage and helps her carry him to the table. Art notices the man looks like someone completely different from the one that went inside. The girl thanks her. Art orders lemon juice to sober up the man. When he's sober up, she help them get onto the taxi.

---

## V. desire (Politics' POV)

It was never difficult for Politics to become a hacker. He can see anyone's desire in their eyes, in their voice, in their words. Social engineering is something he can do at ease. He has been investigating the conspiracy about the death of his parents. He has a board in his rental room. In the center is Theo Finch, who's mainly responsible for his parents' death. He is now in prison for human trafficking charges. Politics has already phished some law enforcement officers and has backdoor access into their devices. Looking into Theo Finch's case files, he learns about another interesting case in Atlas City; the Atlas University professor, called Alexei Volkov, that blowed up the convocation hall. The burea makes sure it looks like a terrorism against the national security as official academic records were destroyed. He reads about two recurring people in student interviews; a guy that demands rigourness and a girl that defends the professor. He decides he wants to get close to them.

---

## VI. (Science's POV)

Science is drinking "free-will" at Guillotine bar. He's reading a book on microbiology. A lean man approaches his table. He hands him a file. "A puzzle for your mind." He then leaves the bar. Science looks into it and sees a bunch of printed case files and cropped newspaper about political scientist couples' accident 13 years ago. He sees a card in the file, a timestamp in the future and the location of a museum.

---

## VII. will you join in our crusade? (Art's POV)

Art is singing "do you hear the people sing?" at Guillotine bar. She sees the thread again and it's now connected to a guy in the bar. It's not the first time she notices him here. After she finishes singing, he smiles at her and tells her he needs fake IDs. Art doesn't understand why he's telling her so. "Are you talking to me?" "What do you think you desire?" he asks. "Kindness," Art gently answers. "Through which means?" "Through art, I think." He smiles again and tells her "What is forging an ID if not a necessary form of art? Is art not restructuring the world we live in?" Art nods. He gives her a file and then leaves the bar. She finds the profiles of 4 people for 4 fake IDs, including him and herself and a card; a timestamp in the future and the location of a museum.

---

## VIII. (Love's POV)

Love gets a call from Seraphine. She remembers the last time she met her was when she attended Seraphine's father's funeral a couple months ago. "Hello, Leila, I know it might be against your medical ethics. Can you write me a prescription for ...?" "Sleeping pills?" She can sense so much sadness in her voice. "Yes. Can you?" "Oh, dear. Thank you for reaching out to me. But first I want you to see a therapist. My dad, David was a therapist. Even your professor was one of his patient." "Alexei" "Yes. I'm sorry about him. My dad believes he did it to free his students." "I know you're trying to convince me to see a therapist. I don't want to see a therapist. I'm not about to kill myself. I just want to fall asleep." "What is the last time you sleep, dear?" "I can't remember. I used to pass out after crying for ... I don't know ... hours. Now I'm failing to pass out. I'm so tired and I can't sleep." "Where are you? Can I come to your place?" "I don't want to bother you." "Of course I know, Sera. Are you still at Arthur's place? Do you want to eat something?" "Don't you have your school?" "Look Sera, it wasn't your fault. You did everything you could. You can't take responsiblity for evil people being evil. I'll get a taxi and come to your place. It's Arthur's place right?" "Yes. Thank you for your kindness."

Love goes to Seraphine's home. The place looks so messy. Seraphine used to be very strong for a girl. Now she looks so skinny and depressed with dark circles around her eyes. If she didn't know better, she'd have thought she was a drug addict. She touches her forehead gently and realizes she has a fever. She hugs her and kiss her forehead, trying to suck despair from the girl. She gives her some meds. Seraphine takes them. And then Love prepares a warm meal for her. Seraphine eats the meal very slowly in silence. Love knows she's been in severe agony and how painful it's to have the meal after starving for a week. "I don't want to treat you like a child, baby girl. But, Sera, you're a very strong girl. I'm so proud of you." Seraphine laughs weakly. Love cuddles her.

"Sera, do you trust me?" Seraphine nods. Love caress her arms. "Sera, I know I can't just ask you to open up. So let me tell you about my life instead first. Just listen quitely, baby girl. I know it's not a pissing contest. I never saw my father. David is my adoptive father. My real father was an Iranian revolutionary. They killed him when I was in my mom's womb. My mom is a very strong woman. As strong as you, my Sera. When I was 7, she followed my dad. They assassinated my mom, too." Seraphine looks at her with surprised eyes. "I'm not trying to tell you my life was shitty too. It doesn't change anything you had to go through. I told you whatever you would choose was the right thing. I don't know what it's. But I know it's been tormenting you for all these months. I also know you lost Alexei after losing your dad, my Sera." Seraphine pushes her head into Love's arms. "I love you, Leila." Love feels that she successfully soothed her. She falls asleep in her arms.

---

## IX. who will be strong and stand with me? (Politics' POV)

Politics is in Oblivion Museum. A voice inside him asks him what he would do if they're not coming. He shakes his head. They'll come. The voice says, "you know Seraphine isn't one of you. Why did you asks Art to make her an ID for her?" He asks himself. "She's one of us. I know I've found only other two people like me. But I know Seraphine can fill the last one's place." "Who are you talking to?" Science asks him. Politics realizes he lost his attention and smiles at Science and asks him if he found the answer. Science replies, "Theo Finch murdered your parents and my mom." Politics nods in approval. "What do you mean Seraphine can fill the last one's place?" Science asks. Politics responds, "it wasn't me that put Theo Finch behind bars. He was incredibly careful about his real clients but well he got too confident and got sloppy about his other business." "I don't care. What do you mean Seraphine can fill the last one's place?" Art arrives and get into the conversation, "Is Seraphine supposed to be Strawberry Starling?" Science is surprised to see her, "you are the singer at the bar." Politics nods and asks if she had trouble making the fake IDs. Art shakes her head and gives him the IDs; Soren Socrates for Science, Strawberry Starling for Seraphine, Pallas Palamedes for Politics and Astrid Apollonia for Art. "I suppose the last one is for me." Politics nods and gives two of them to Science. "Why do Seraphine and I need these IDs?" Science asks. "I'd been trying to take down people like Theo Finch all my life. But it was wrong. No revolution can be born from a single person. I need comrades and I want you to be my comrades." Science and Art know he's telling the truth. Art confesses, "I've seen a thread all my life. I've arrived here following it. I came here because that thread is connected to both of you and Seraphine." Science also decides to confess, "I've been relying on logic all my life. I realized being logical isn't the only thing that matters. Seraphine taught me that. Ok, fine, I will join your crusade."

Politics asks them who they think control the world. "People like the secret clients of Theo Finch," Science answers. Politics agrees and continues, "presidents are powerful, prime ministers are powerful, generals are powerful, billionaires are powerful. They control our world. But Theo Finch is the one controlling them and he used to be my target. It was naive of me to underestimate them. If we want to take them down, we have to take control of the system or someone else will replace the demon we slay and it'll never end. Capitalism is a god. Bureacracy is a god. Fascism is a god. We have to slay them all. Shed no blood but that of the gods." Politics takes a breath. "How does one shed the blood of a god?" he asks. Science answers, "the power of a god lies in the worshipers' loyalty." Art likes the idea, "We cut off bootlickers' tongues."

---

## X. (Science's POV)

Science reads about the death of Theo Finch in prison. Theo Finch apparently left a son named Quentin Finch. He hears a knock on his door and sees it's Politics. He shares him a 3D scan of a room; a private study room. "Whose room is it?" Science asks. "Theo Finch has a successor," Politics answers. "Is it Quentin Finch?" Science asks although he highly doubt it. Quentin Finch is a college dropout. He majored in Computer Science but he suspects Politics is easily a stronger computer wizard since he saw what he was capable of when he brought him those classified data. "Unfortunately, no. Quentin would've been an easier target. Theo Finch's successor is someone that used to work in Finance. He's called Donovan Faust. I could narrow him down because I've been monitoring Theo Finch's clients. I suspects Theo Finch has a system to manage his clients' financial assets." Science interrupts, "Yes, he holds a set of unique key phrases, one for each client, that only he knows and he access their data with those keys. I can deduce that much from your files. So apparently his clients trust this new successor too and Donovan Faust now holds these keys." Politics nods, "that his successor now have access to his keys means there's a backup somewhere. There must be only one backup because they can't risk having more vulnerabilities than one. But I suspects we wouldn't find all the data in one place." "Of course he would've split the data into multiple peices and store them in secure vaults around the world," Science continues. They both take a while and then Politics asks, "hypothetically if Donovan Faust will be to renew the keys, how do you think he'll do it?" Science now understands why he shared him that 3D scan. "So the room you showed me is the secret private room of Donovan Faust?" Science asks. Politics nods. Science looks at it carefully. He see a grandfather clock, a lion head on the world, a desk, on which are a typewriter, an armillary sphere, a copy of the prince, and luxury stationery items, a record player on a stand table, 7 bookshelves, a mini bar, an a large carpet and a fireplace. "So you broke into his house?" "I hacked into his smart home system and looked into every residence he owns. This one is the only one with a secret office. I figured out that it's a Faraday cage and the only way to see the interior is to break into it. So yea I broke into it. But it was easy for me to manipulate the security feeds so no trace of my entering can be found." "So you have been spying on him, right? How does he usually work?" Science asks. Politics answers, "He is too paranoid. He uses an Incognito Live System called Tails OS on his laptop. I doubt it's possible to hack his computer. I've never seen him type a key either. I assume the data of his clients are in secure system of his each client. But I can't get access to their system because they have national level security defended by top cybersecurity engineers. Some of his clients are like Cassian Blake in the top 5 richest people in the world or General Secretary Shen Yao. I could only break into his home network because he's too paranoid to have cybersecurity engineers that defend his system in real-time." "I think I know how he'll renew the keys. He'll use an Incognito Live System, like you said, in his office to generate the keys and he'll memorize them and create a backup." Politics nods, "I need to make sure how exactly he'll create a backup." "He'll type it on the typewriter," Science answers. Politics smiles. Science realizes Politics must have concluded the same and just wanted to make sure if his conclusion is correct. "What if he write it down with just a pen?" Politics asks. Science scratches his head, he sees no paper on the table but there must be some in the drawers because Donovan would still need paper if he uses a typewriter. "I guess it's possible that he'll write down the key with a pen. Whether he uses a pen or a typewriter, there must be an acoustic signature produced by the process. If you could hide a few sensors in the office, I think it's possible to record this series of signatures during the creation of the backup. It'll be an entirely different thing to filter out the noise and obtain a clean data from it." Politics looks like he's thinking about it a lot. "I suspects Donovan Faust might use a Radio Frequency Detector to check if his room is bugged time to time. He has a detector and I've often seen him check his home arbitarily." "If you're sure he is using a RF detector, it's a good news. I can design a sensor that doesn't emit radio waves so it can't be detected." Science explains. Politics looks a little relieved. "I'll ask Art to assemble the sensor. Please take some time to design such a sensor and also find the optimal places to hide them. Please note that these devices have to stay alive for up to 6 months." Science replies, "it'd be the easy step. Like I said please note that it'll be an entirely different thing to extract clean data from the sensor logs." Politics smiles, "I have faith in you. I have faith in Art and Seraphine too."

---

## XI. (Art's POV)

Science gives Art a thumb drive. Art gives him some cash. "What is this?" "This is your first salary as a crusader," Art explains. Science looks confused but he takes it like a drugdealer and put it in his bag. "Are these counterfeits?" "No." "How did you or Politics afford to pay me a salary?" Art laughts, "it's the courtesy of your university. He got himself a faculty role and tricked the management to fund his so-called research." "He really is a sneaky bastard. I couldn't care less about how he does anyway. Let's get back to work. I'm not sure how much Politics briefed you. I've designed this sensor device. You have to assemble it in various forms." Art plugs it into her mobile phone and looks at the files. She asks him how she can open a .ply file. He asks her if she has a laptop. She shakes her head. Science looks disappointed and takes out his laptop. "Feel free to use mine then. I'll get another one. At least this gig pays." Science wonders while booting up Tails OS from another thumb drive, "by the way, how do you even know about it - the courtesy of my university?" "Who do you think made the documents necessary to play his trick. For someone that hates the system, he knows quite well how it works." He shows her the design of the sensor and the 3D scan of the rooms. "Spectre," Art exclaims. "What?" Science is confused. "These little guys are called spectres and they will haunt Donovan Faust," she laugh childishly. Science looks so concerned while Art looks so worryfree. "This is serious. You have to make sure these devices remain undetected," Science says seriously. "Yes, I know. Donovan Faust is a paranoid prick with a fancy clumsy stick that look for radio waves. I get it. And please call them spectres." Science apologizes. "I'm sorry. Please take time to work on then. And then inform Politics when you finish assembling these spectres." "Okey dokey" Art replies.

---

## XII. (Politics' POV)

He breaks into Donovan Faust's residence again. He brought a replica of armillary sphere with a spectre embedded in it and a couple more spectres. He swaps the armillary spheres and install other spectres in the places recommended by Science. He silently escape from the scene. The security system didn't even record his entry as he replaced the data stream with a footage from previous day.

---

## XIII. dream of eden (Science's POV)

Science is at "Guillotine" Bar with Seraphine. Seraphine confesses she wants to start an orphanage because she realizes such institutes are merely money laundering operations. Science wants to support her. Art finishes singing and goes straight to Science's table. She looks at Seraphine and says, "God banished us from Eden. We can't reenter it without defying God." Science understands what she's saying but Seraphine is confused. Art clarifies, "Metaphors aside, a friend told me it's you that robbed Sun Diagnostics a couple months ago. You can't use that funds to start an orphanage that defy the status quo. You need to make up paperwork to stay invisible. Let me help you." Science can see clearly Seraphine is surprised that he's not surprised to know about her heist.

---

## XIV. heist for eden (Art's POV)

Art brings Science and Seraphine to a blind spot in Oblivion Museum. Politics is waiting for them. Politics asks Seraphine what she desires. Seraphine answers "warmth". Politics tells Seraphine her funds aren't enough for the orphanage. Art corrects, "it's called Strawberries Home". Seraphine wonders how she knows what she wants to name her orphanage. Politics admits his mistake, "I'm sorry. Yes, Strawberries Home need more funds. I have an idea. One bird will carry two stones and that bird is you, Seraphine". Seraphine asks, "can't I just find a way to collect the necessary funds along the way?" Science answers, "I don't think you want your dream of Eden to rely on the mercy of the corrupted." Seraphine nods. "What is your answer then?" Seraphine sounds skeptical.

"What you already have experience with. A heist." Politics answers. Seraphine shakes her head. "I don't think you understand me. I thought it was what it'd take to save my dad. But it couldn't save my dad. I cried in bed everyday tormented by guilt. I don't want to experience it again," she confesses. Politics agrees, "you're tormented by guilt. So am I. So are all of us. The guilt of letting them control our fate. You see I desire freedom above all but I don't think I can take a rest until I can put a collar on the neck of those that murdered our parents. I'm not fueled by rage or revenge. I'm sick of being so defenseless against them." Seraphine shakes her head again. "I'm sorry. I don't think you understand me. I already lost everything. I want to forget what I did when I was desperate." "Exactly you already lost everything. I have faith that I understand you. You said you desired warmth. I promise you will get it. First, please listen. The target is a branch of NexBank."

He sees a spark in Seraphine's eyes. He explains "by warmth you mean the flame in Atlas University and I know this is a chance for your payback." Seraphine is surprised again to see that Politics not only knows she has a crush on the arsonist, but she hates the former girlfriend of his, that's working at NexBank. "What exactly is the target?" she asks. "The same NexBank branch Kim Naomi is working at. She's in risk management. She's the former lover of Alexei, your professor." Seraphine looks embarrassed to learn that he understands her. "Why are you targeting her?" "I'm not targeting her. I'm not even delighted to cause her trouble. But I know you'll be. I'm targeting Donovan Faust. A financier that just succeeded Theo Finch. I've been monitoring him for a month. I've broken into his residence twice. He has a set of keys to access his predecessor's client data. I have reasons to believe a part of the key is in a safety deposit box at the NexBank." "So I have to steal that key for you and you will give me funds for Strawberries Home?" Seraphine asks. Politics shakes his head. "Even though I've been monitoring Theo Finch, he's such a sneaky bastard. I never learned which exactly is his safety deposit box. I never learned where he keeps his key for the box. It'd be very complicated to get the key from the bank side too. I asks Science a couple months ago to find the ideal way to break into the bank. This thumb drive contains the plan. You can take three weeks to study the plan and prepare for it. I know you know about security system better than I or Science do. Feel free to improve the plan if you can." "So what exactly is the target?" Seraphine sounds impatient. "Just the funds you need for Eden." "And how will it give you the keys of that sneaky bastard?" "You'll see in the plan that one of your tasks is to disable the camera in a certain path that lead to the safety deposit box. I'm sure you are capable of stealing the key if we have time but it's no use unless we can steal the other pieces. Unfortunately we don't live forever. So I came up with this heist plan. We'll just steal from NexBank enough to alert the law enforcement and of course Donovan Faust will know about the heist since he's in deep with the head of Burea. He'll request the security footage to make sure his safety deposit box is safe." Seraphine understands now, "And he'll suspect his key is compromised and he'll renew the key." Politics nods, "Yes. I'm sure his mentor Theo Finch won't renew the key just because a piece of it might be compromised. But our little Donovan Faust definitely will. You don't need to know the details for your own safety but we have managed to capture the new keys during the process of creation. Art, can you show her the gadgets?" Art takes out the tools and some cash from her bag. "This is your crusader salary," Art hands the cash to Seraphine. But she's more interested in a Red Tiger mask from the bag. Seraphine, ignoring the money, takes the mask instead and smiles and wears it.

---

## XV. (Love's POV)

Leila is on her clerkship duty. She reads about the NexBank's heist in the news in the break room. She is summoned to check up on a pregnant mother, Jenny Moore. She'll be due tomorrow. [She doesn't know the child who'll become Katy will be her future son, Parthe's friend.] While she's taking notes about her condition, Clara Foster visits her friend Jenny. Jenny looks so happy to see Clara. Leila can sense Clara is so exhausted.

---

## XVI. (Politics' POV)

With the help of Art, who's regularly at Guillotine bar, Politics arraged a meeting there. Whenever one of them wants to meet the others, they would arrange it via Art. Noone would suspect you if you talk to a bar singer, you're likely requesting a song. Strawberry enters the bar and takes a seat at Politics' table. She orders "Blood of Eden" as usual. Soon Science enters the bar. Art finishes her song and joins them. Politics gives each a bag that looks like weed; inside each is a thumb drive with updated data. He names their team "the Knights of Kindness" and toast their drink. He sees in Strawberry's face that she thinks it's so pretentious. He preaches them there are four horsemen. Each horsemen has squires. Strawberry seems to be the only one that fails to understand what he's saying. "We now have a list of the squires. They don't know they're serving the horsemen of the same apocalypse." Strawberry looks visibly confused. Politics explains, "so Donovan Faust renewed the keys and he's been replacing them in his vaults around the world. We got lucky and I now have a list of his clients, longer than I expected. You see, when he renews the keys he can't just generate the keys and create a backup. He has to visit each of his client's system to update the encryption key. That paranoid bastard has been very careful and I lost track of him many times. At first he was completely off the radar for two weeks and then he has been visiting his clients more frequently than usual. It means only one thing." "He has a new set of keys," Science supports him. "Yes. So it's how I identified his clients. From Congress woman Sabina Vance to General Secretary Shen Yao, he has a diverse list of clients with only one thing in common; the power to control the world. But my goal wasn't just to identify his clients. And now I notice his activities are getting more and more normal gradually. We can conclude he's done updating the encryption keys in his clients' systems. The spectres we planted are ready to be harvested." "Great. It'll be a pain in my ass to extract the clean data," Science sighs. "Not so fast," Politics explains, "I don't think I can break into his home alone again. I still have backdoor access to his home security system but he upgraded his physical security and I think it's out of my capability. I need Strawberry's help." Strawberry looks visibly upset. "If you can break into his home without me, you can do the NexBank heist without me. You already had a very detailed plan that I didn't even have to improve much. How can I know if you're not scapegoating me again?" Art answers, "because you're the light and he's the shadow. He can't exist without you." Science, after looking into the files, defends Politics, "Seraphine, you're right he didn't need you in the first heist. I think he gives you the task as a favour so you can payback some inconvenience to Naomi. But he's telling the truth this time. Donovan Faust upgraded his security. Politics might be a computer wizard but you have a gift far stronger than his when it comes to physical locks." "Look. I appreciate you manipulated me into stealing from a bank and now I have all I need to create my Eden. I like rebellious things. But I'm just a girl with Gender Dysphoria. You're talking about taking down the most powerful people in the world in a public bar." "It's called Guillotine," Art interrupts. "Science used to be the most annoying prick I've ever seen and now he's the only one I can tolerate most among you three. I'm not scared. I'm just sick of you treating me like I can understand your pretentious bullshits and I'll just follow you playing this spy game. Didn't you play as a spy when you were children?" Science answers, "No, we didn't. We lost our parents when we were children. In courtesy of late Theo Finch." Strawberry apologizes, "I'm sorry. I really am. I understand you're serious about this. Trust me. So am I. I feel like I'm the only one that's not like you. I don't even know how to explain it." "You're one of us. I have faith in you just like I do in Science and Art," Politics comforts her. "I understand you think we're being so pretentious and we're being serious simultaneously. Have you been to a church?" Strawberry laughs. "I'm sorry if you sometimes feel left out. Never forget that you're one of us. I know what this crusade of us isn't without a risk. It wouldn't be as much fun if it was without a risk. Of course I've just founded this team tonight but you're free to leave if you really want to. We'll still happily help you with your Strawberries Home. After all, I found you three because of your professor and I believe you helped him find himself." Strawberry stays quiet but he can see tears in her eyes. Art continues, "Have I told you about the thread that I've been following since my childhood? Strawberry or Seraphine like Science would call you, you're the first one I saw that's connected to this thread. Your professor was also connected to it but his connection is weaker than you. You're one of us." Strawberry hugs Art and cries.

---

## XVII. (Science's POV)

Building "Strawberries Home" main mansion is now completed. Science provided the requirements for legal documents and Art created them. They have been living here for a year. They're celebrating the completion of the mansion. Science alerts them, "I think we might need to postpone the opening. You know about this new virus we heard about. It's spreading very first and I suspect it's man-made. Or at least it's artificially spreaded. Countries will be under lockdown in a few months. Unless we look into it, it might wipe out some third world countries." He shows them all the data he collected related to the virus.

---

## XVIII. (Love's POV)

Love joins a volunteer pandemic response team as a doctor. The first patient died 3 months after the discovery of patient zero. The patient zero was found in the region called REC which is now the most infected area. Love travels there and meets a microbiologist, named Song Hye-jin.

---

## XIX. (Art's POV)

Science's model show that

---
