# "til the end of the world" [drifters]

## I. THE CHILD FROM EDEN

Decades after the heist of free-will, P goes the university where alexandria took place. His research is Computational Biology. He never stops greiving for K. He never stops showing his true self and his heart either because his parents that he never got to live together with are Revloution and Love. He becomes a friend with a Microbiology studnet called L. He can sense his mom's ghost asking Strawberry to raise P in the library. He understands his parents' intention. They fought against the horsemen for millenia and they want their child to grow up in Eden, unprepared for the apocalypse. "We fought so you don't have to."

## II. EMERGENCE

At a deep-sea lithium mining, the emergence of hidden species occurs. They are eventually named Wisteria Drifters (Science name: Hadeanema wisteriae). 

in a few decades in the future, because of a deep sea drilling, an emergence of hidden species occurs. they're called wisteria drifters, and they're purple floating jelly fish like creatures. since their first contact with humans, due to their original nutrient, they evolved to crave the telomeres in humans which was too unique from other animals. they use their tentacles to lay eggs in humans body and the larvae consume human telomeres and eat time. the victims aged rapidly and died. a new drifter was born. the odd thing is their first exposure to humans is with drilling workers, which have high stress hormones. so they evolved to be attracted to poor people, so the world is explicitly divided into two. the rich the safe, and the poor the unsafe. it's expected all the poor people, 99% of humanity will be extinct in 7-9 years. the story starts after 2 years since emergence. the main characters are in the disaster relief team called event horizon. the protagonist P is in poor region. his friend L and her roommate, P's one-sided lover M are in the rich region, although M was originally from the poor region. there's a smuggler T in their team too. the story is mainly about not giving up in the face of hopelessness and being kind despite all the frustrating losses. eventually P'll lose M. he'll grieve for a long while. he'll restart his secret project called pandora. it's a hack involving wine barrels that'll get rid of the bio marker that kept the rich in the vaults and in the space station safe from the drifters. the story ends with the success of the hack, but the consequence of it is that humanity will likely to be extinct without exception if a solution isn't found in time. he believes the poor without any privilege might stand a chance against the apocalypse if not for the privileged that still keep exploiting the poor behind the vault door and space.
