# in defense of P

the saga is called kindness saga. I believe kindness is Tao in English. kindness is understanding through Science (seeing), Art (Imagining), Revolution (Acceptance) and Love (Reflection). the knights of kindness are the truths in flesh. but the theme of the saga is kindness isn't reserved for those as strong as the knights. kindness is universal. anyone can pratice kindness. from someone broken like the professor to someone born from perfect parents, raised by the perfect guardian, loved by the perfect friend K. the professor can be seen as a grandpa figure to P and the saga itself is a legend of P.

we often see the choosen ones in stories. Luke. Neo. Naruto. Harry Potter. and so on. P isn't special because his parents are the knights of kindness. he's not special. if his parents were in his shoes, they'd be able to find a cure and a way to coexist with the drifters. he's a normal human with normal friends. he was purposefully unprepared for a war. he's too untitled to be entitled. he doesn't demand anything despite anything. he wasn't never choosen. he chose to fight. his parents had to fight a war and he didn't. he joined forces with his friends to seek an answer for salvation and eventually find out that as long as the elites are slowing down the process, it's impossible to find the answer. the only way to stand a chance for answer is to take away the privilege of the elites, until then even the actual extinction of humanity isn't something to worry about for the elites. for someone righteous, the right thing to do is to eradicate the elites, without risking their rage. but P isn't righteous. P's raised to be perfectly kind. he still have faith in the possiblity of redemption of the elites. he wants to give them a chance of survival equal to the ones he lost.

Pandora comes from love, not from rage. yet he didn't execute Pandora while M was alive because he, just like Neo choosing to save Trinity instead of humanity, priortize his lover over anything and is still selfish and flawed. with her gone, Pandora is the only duty left. but he's not entitled nor arrogant enough to pull the lever without remorse. he understands he's possibly dooming the humanity once and for all.

none of the characters kill, lie nor hurt someone. they all hold kindness like it's more important than their life. but it's not without a cost. kindness isn't righteous. kindness isn't arrogant. kindness is just understanding. how can you see the truth without understanding? no defense is enough for not choosing kindness because it's available to someone broken like the professor. P isn't a matyr. it's easier to do something like pulling the lever and than die soon. but P survives. P didn't do it as a final act. he did it out of love for justice. he has to pay the cost with waking up everyday amid the very world he doomed. the taoist punishment for the taoist violence.

his final letter to the world would be

'forgive me. for i love '
