# GrayVault

GrayVault is a software that encrypt a drive. It was created by Quentin Gray when he was 17. He showed it to his father, Damian Gray, who recognized the full power of it and requested to add more features like Phoenix module. It had been used, ever since, to automate Damian Gray's empire of moving hidden wealth of the elites.

## Use case

When a client wants to work with Damian Gray, he would install GrayVault on their system and it would encrypt the entire system except for an almost immutatable small partition named Phoenix module, which would be the only entry point to the system. A key is required to setup the software and Damian Gray uses a key called **universal key** to setup all of his client. The financier has the maker role and the client has checker role. When the installation is finished and the entire system is encrypted, maker can create or randomly generate a maker passphrase in maker interface while the checker can create or randomly generate a checker passphrase in checker interface. These passphrases then encrypt maker key and checker key respectively. When all is finished the checker interface return a **special key**. Passphrases are usually memorized and keys are usually stored in hardware tokens. Maker interface and checker interface can only be accessed when the Phoenix module is unlocked.

There's also another key called **successor key** generated by **universal key**. Its only purpose is for the emergency case of losing **universal key**. It's the only thing that can mutate the Phoenix module.

## Phoenix Module

Phoenix module recognizes only three keys.

1. **universal key**: It is kept by the **financier**. This can unlock any system where GrayVault is installed since he used the same key for every client.
2. **special key**: It's kept by the **client** but it's stored somewhere only the client knows and is usually never used. This can unlock the client's own system. Unlike the universal key which can only unlock Phoenix module, this key also contain maker key and checker key which are supposed to be derived from maker passphrase and checker passphrases, meaning it has full control of the drive, independent to passphrases.
3. **successor key**: It's kept in a safe deposit box that nobody except the financier and his successor know. This is only to be used when the universal key is lost. Once it's used, Phoenix module starts a countdown. It's a grace period specified during the setup. The default is 90 days. During the countdown, if universal key is used to unlock the system, the countdown stops and undo the takeover of successor. Otherwise, the successor key will become the universal key the next time successor key is used to access the system. The only way to bypass this grace period is with checker passphrase. During the process, a new successor key is returned. Since the original universal key is the same for every system, the new successor key would also be the same for every system.

## Vault Module

These keys only unlock Phoenix module. They can't access any part of the system except the authentication module. Only when authentication module is unlocked, the system can be decrypted entirely or partially depending on the privilege of the user.

When the client want to make a transaction, the **passphrases** are usually used to create the transaction. As long as Phoenix module is unlocked, the financier can use memorized **maker passphrase** to access maker interface while the client can use memorized **checker passphrase** to access checker interface.

Each interface requires its passphrase.

1. **maker passphrase**: It can derive the maker key that can decrypt the entire system. One can access the status of the assets maintained by the system, transaction history and transaction details. One can't execute or approve new transactions because maker interface is supposed to have only read permission. Maker interface is primarily used to access immutatable details of the assets and design custom workflows. For most transactions, one of the already designed workflows can be reused. The financier decides which workflow is the best for the requirements and they would initiate a transaction using **maker passphrase**. Only then a new pending transaction is created in the header files and everything else remains encrypted again.
2. **checker passphrase**: It can derive the checker key that can decrypt the header files. One can see the detail of the requested transactions and approve and decline them using **checker passphrase**. Only then the required parts of the system specified by the header file of the transaction are decrypted and the transaction is executed. The client is the only one that can execute a transaction because checker interface is the only user privilege with write permission. The client doesn't want to handle the specific details of the assets, such as shell companies, bank accounts binded to ghost identites, cryptocurrency, secret properties that governments can't track.

Even though maker interface has more freedom to access the system, it doesn't have the final authority of check passphrase to execute any transaction or mutate the assets. Even though checker interface can decrypt and mutate the specified part of the system, it can't access anything other than the header files and the parts specified in the header files, ensuring the entire system remains encrypted and safe.

## Risk Management

Either the client or the financier can be compromised for various reasons.

- If a thirdparty, for example, a law enforcement agency, gains access to the financier's universal key, they would have no idea how it works. It doesn't do anything without the permission of the client to access their system.
- If the same goes with the client's system, without universal key or special key, the entire system remains encrypted.
- If both the financier and one client were compromised, one might be able to unlock the Phoenix module, provided that they have universal key and access to the client's system. As long as, the client doesn't give up their **checker passphrase**, no data can be mutated. Even if checker passphrase is compromised, as long as the financier doesn't give up his **maker passphrase for that client**, most of the system remains encrypted and most of the assets remain a secret. Even if both passphrases are compromised, other clients still remain safe. They have time to take their system down temporarily to avoid being investigated until the succesor comes.
