# Phantom Threads

My name is Quentin Gray. I'm a programmer. I didn't want to conquer the world like my father, Damian Gray. He's a financier who turns the dreams of those who build the future—or at least his clients think of themselves that way—into reality. They can pretend all they want to be busy doing something that's not directly controlling the world but I could see through every move because my father was making each come true through a series of tediously complicated procedures.

My father tried to teach me about his craft a hundred times but it wasn't my calling. I knew so much about his work that I built Gray Finance when I was 18. It's a system to encrypt all the digital information about the assets of the most powerful people in the world—why encrypt the data you might ask, but if you spent a few minutes with my father's client, you would know nothing in the world needs secrecy as much as their assets that they would always have claimed were legitimate—and then make it possible to move these assets gracefully with elegant workflows my father designed as if it were just an ordinary banking transaction. I'm not good with such specific workflows. It's my father's job. I just designed a system to help him do his job very efficiently.

I grew up being acquainted with my father's clients. They could effortlessly build a city or turn one into ashes with a few words. I understood the boredom they feel. I finished my first degree at 17 because high school was so inefficiently designed that I could skip it without missing a thing. It took me a year of caffeinated solitude to give birth to Gray Finance. It was supposed to be a hobby project that I kept working on because I found the thesis that got me my degree too unsatisfying. There's always a sense of closure in turning a theory into evidence. Even though the system is so complicated that my father is the only one who can use my system faithfully to its advantage, it's stable. It was so stable that I never needed to make a patch, more than once a year. I hate how beautifully I can design a system because I haven't experienced anything thrilling ever since I told my dad it was ready to be used.

Even though my father is the only one who can design complex workflows to manage the assets of his clients, he's not the only user of my system. His clients, who I believe to be the most powerful people in the world, are also my users. They were often born successful. They never needed to do a thing to reach the success many people can't even dream of in a million lifetimes. Unsurprisingly, they're often very boring. I never enjoyed their company. I think perhaps the only exciting thing about them is the hidden wealth that they hired my father to manage. How could someone be so bored and boring that they have to outsource someone to do the one exciting thing in their life?

Thérèse Leroux isn't like most of them. She's the only one I had fantasized having an intimate relationship with through my adolescence. I was a nerd whose existence she would never have noticed if she had not been a client of my father. She has a mesmerizing charm that can control anyone—even and especially the ones who are controlling the world—to do anything she desires. How can she possibly want something if she can get anything she wants with a few facial movements all the time? Nothing arouses me like the thought that she finds her life as boring as I do my life. Not even the thought that my system holds the hidden wealth she wants to keep secrets from the world—of course I can see anything I desire to see because I added a backdoor to the system I'm confident nobody else can break into. I couldn't care less about her financial secrets that the world's most powerful intelligence organizations would work so hard to identify. I just found it more erotic to think of her as a girl completely bored watching the world on the ground from the balcony of her penthouse in Paris. Perhaps she would masturbate and try to squirt onto the streets painted with beautiful lights. Perhaps she would manipulate premium athletes to satisfy her unsatisfiable desires. Perhaps she would hire dominatrices to fool her into thinking sometimes she can serve someone just like the world serves her. Perhaps she would binge watch a long sitcom like a nobody who can't dream of being Thérèse Leroux.

Everyone must work. After finishing my doctorate in computer science, I got myself employed as a principal engineer at Nexus Inc, the company that sold the first commercial computer. I already generated enough wealth that I couldn't possibly spend in a thousand lifetimes since I was 20 but I needed a job because otherwise I would seem indistinguishable from a hedge fund entrepreneur. It's not necessarily a career I had envisioned for myself. Do I enjoy my job? No, I endure it so I don't turn into an eccentric loner. But at the end of the day, I barely go to the office or attend boring meetings that I can't bring myself to tolerate. I rarely have to edit a line of code, too. The only evidence of having a job, other than my staff ID, is that I have to show my face at certain meetings for a reason I don't understand.

I like those meetings with the Paris Branch. Of course, it's because sometimes Thérèse Leroux is there. She's the only thing I don't hate about Venus Studio. I would've thought it would be somewhat fun to work at a multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate. All business meetings were boringly exhausting if you were paying attention. I know how perverted it is but I often jerk off to Thérèse Leroux at the meetings. I don't usually need to say a thing in most of them. Nobody really cares what I'm doing in the meeting room. I bet nobody expects me to play with my penis in a professional meeting though. Even elites who have no trouble abusing anyone have some unsaid social norms and one of them must be no masturbation during the meeting. I find it hypocritical with the amount of explicit metaphorical cock sucking I see against my own will in any meeting, but then perhaps it's precisely the point—verily, let not the conclave of trade descend into yet deeper wickedness.

Thérèse Leroux is 18 years older than me but you wouldn't have guessed it if you didn't know. Even though she could've given birth to me, she looks the same age as me. Every subtle moment of her seemingly innocent eyes is seductive. Her voice alone can give me orgasms. Her lips are the worst—so hauntingly naughty that I couldn't leave my boner alone as if I were possessed. I've enjoyed my fair share of party life even if I'm a nerd because I'm an elite nerd. None feels as ecstatic as fantasizing an intimate moment with Thérèse Leroux while completely sober, even and especially in a meeting room. What a pleasure it would be to raw dog her big beautiful thighs on this very table right in front of everyone including my manager. I'm sure it's unfair to judge me if you can turn blind eyes to other people in the room who I know are astronomically more naughty.

The meeting finished a few minutes ago and some of them wanted to have a party to celebrate something I never paid attention to know. My manager asked me to join it. I would rather go back to my hotel room and masturbate to Thérèse Leroux, watching her old interview on YouTube, than tolerate these people longer so I shook my head. He insisted for a couple of minutes. I kept refusing. I should head to the door so I could leave here peacefully before things got more chaotic. I chose to circle around the table in the direction where I would pass behind Thérèse Leroux, so I would get a taste of her seductive scent, even though I knew I risked getting another erection, having already masturbated half an hour ago. Guess my surprise when Thérèse Leroux suddenly turned her chair to see me and asked me why I was leaving—her voice was pleasantly inviting and still sounded so clear amid the noise of the room. Please don't let her notice my boner. I scratched my head like I usually do when I know not what to do. Think fast, Quentin.

"Umm... I don't like people."

"I can relate, Quentin. It must be why I never saw you at a party," she replied, with a tempting smile.

Please tell me it's not too late to undo my words. How did she know I was never at the business parties? Who cares if a boring nerd like me doesn't show up? Was it one of her formulated phrases she effortlessly summoned to pretend as if she knew me personally? I had to do some damage control even if I sucked at it, right?

"It's not that I don't like people. My social battery ran out half an hour ago," I explained. I only could wish she wouldn't ask how exactly my battery ran out.

"I'll help you refill it. Let's have fun once in a while!" she invited enthusiastically.

I shook my head without knowing why. I wanted to punch myself in the face. How could I refuse to such a goddess? I must be insane.

"Quentin, I promise you don't have to do it alone. I'll be there for you. Just say yes, come on, Quentin" she kept insisting, "Don't worry, I'll take you to a safe place and recharge your battery first. I promise you'll thank me later."

I couldn't help but nod, very subtly like a shy girl.

"That's my boy," she hugged my arm. It'd be embarrassing to admit but I was already 24 and it was my first time a girl whom I would have to see again touched me affectionately. I reminded myself it was her nature to act unnecessarily flirty to anyone. I shouldn't fall for her magic spell.

"Give me a few seconds, Quentin," she began to pack her things. She gave me her handbag and I held it in my hand awkwardly. She then grabbed my arm and took me to the door. What would other people in the room think of me? I knew she'd always tended to be flirtatious but not in a meeting room. Perhaps she slept with half the men in the room and their existence no longer mattered to her. Was I her new puppet?

"Where are you taking me?" I asked. She laughed.
